docs(rate-limiting-advanced): revise parameters descriptions (#4966)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/rate-limiting-advanced/_index.md

  The Rate Limiting Advanced plugin for Konnect Enterprise is a re-engineered version of the Kong Gateway (OSS) [Rate Limiting plugin](/hub/kong-inc/rate-limiting/).

  As compared to the standard Rate Limiting plugin, Rate Limiting Advanced provides:
  * Enhanced capabilities to tune the rate limiter, provided by the parameters `limit` and `window_size`. Learn more in [Multiple Limits and Window Sizes](#multi-limits-windows)
  * Support for Redis Sentinel, Redis cluster, and Redis SSL

>   * Increased performance: Rate Limiting Advanced has better throughput performance with better accuracy. The plugin allows tuning of performance and accuracy via a configurable synchronization of counter data with the backend storage. This can be controlled by setting the desired value on the `sync_rate` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Increased performance: Rate Limiting Advanced has better throughput performance with better accuracy. The plugin allows you to tune performance and accuracy via a configurable synchronization of counter data with the backend storage. This can be controlled by setting the desired value on the `sync_rate` parameter.
```

  * More limiting algorithms to choose from: These algorithms are more accurate and they enable configuration with more specificity. Learn more about our algorithms in [How to Design a Scalable Rate Limiting Algorithm](https://konghq.com/blog/how-to-design-a-scalable-rate-limiting-algorithm).
  * Consumer groups support: Apply different rate limiting configurations to select groups of consumers. Learn more in [Rate limiting for consumer groups](#rate-limiting-for-consumer-groups)

>   * More control on what requests contribute to increment the rate limiting counters via the `disable_penalty` parameter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * More control over which requests contribute to incrementing the rate limiting counters via the `disable_penalty` parameter
```

      value_in_examples: consumer
      datatype: string
      description: |
        The type of identifier used to generate the rate limit key.
        Defines the scope used to increment the rate limiting counters.
        Can be `ip`, `credential`, `consumer`, `service`, `header`, or `path`.
    - name: path
      required: semi
      datatype: string
      description: |
        Request path to use as the rate limit key when `config.identifier` is

>         configured with the value: `path`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        configured with the value: `path`. Ignored when `config.identifier` has any other value.
```

    - name: header_name
      required: semi
      datatype: string
      description: |
        Header name to use as the rate limit key when `config.identifier` is

>         configured with the value: `header`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        configured with the value: `header`. Ignored when `config.identifier` is not `header`.
```

      value_in_examples: consumer
      datatype: string
      description: |
        The type of identifier used to generate the rate limit key.
        Defines the scope used to increment the rate limiting counters.
        Can be `ip`, `credential`, `consumer`, `service`, `header`, or `path`.
    - name: path
      required: semi
      datatype: string
      description: |
        Request path to use as the rate limit key when `config.identifier` is

>         configured with the value: `path`. Ignored when `config.identifier` has any other value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        configured with the value `path`. Ignored when `config.identifier` has any other value.
```

    - name: header_name
      required: semi
      datatype: string
      description: |
        Header name to use as the rate limit key when `config.identifier` is

>         configured with the value: `header`. Ignored when `config.identifier` is not `header`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        configured with the value `header`. Ignored when `config.identifier` is not `header`.
```

    - name: dictionary_name
      required: true
      default: kong_rate_limiting_counters
      value_in_examples: null
      datatype: string
      description: |
        The shared dictionary where counters are stored. When the plugin is

>         configured to synchronize counter data externally (i.e. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        configured to synchronize counter data externally (that is 
```

>         `config.strategy` is `cluster` or `redis` and `config.sync_rate` is not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        `config.strategy` is `cluster` or `redis` and `config.sync_rate` isn't
```

      value_in_examples: false
      datatype: boolean
      description: |
        Optionally hide informative response headers that would otherwise
        provide information about the current status of limits and counters as
        described in the paragraph [Headers sent to the client](#headers-sent-to-the-client).
        Available options: `true` or `false`.
    - name: redis.host
      required: semi
      default: null
      value_in_examples: null
      datatype: string
      description: |

>         Host (or IP address) to use for Redis connection when the `redis` strategy is defined.

Reviewer: Is this saying you can have a host or IP address as the string or that the host must be an IP address?

Author: The former. I rephrased it to hopefully make it more clear. Please feel free to improve the wording, thank you!

      datatype: string
      description: |
        Sets the time window type to either `sliding` (default) or `fixed`.
        Sliding windows apply the rate limiting logic while taking into account

>         previous hit rates (from the window the is immediately preceding the current)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        previous hit rates (from the window that immediately precedes the current)
```
